# Participants

* Ari Nurkkala
* Antti Remes
* Esa Ikonen

# Topics

* API weekly meetings to biweekly meetings starting from 2021
* NUTS code changes should be discussed at next weekly. How should foreign NUTS be used in the new shcema?
